[chuckles]
[humming]
[MEGUMIN wailing]
[MEGUMIN]
Darkness! That's not fair!
[whining]
[bored sigh]
[MEGUMIN] Alright, let's see
how you get out of this! Ha!
[AQUA]
Oh, Kazuma,
your goddess demands
her rightful spot by the fire.
Huh?
See what that says?
Level twenty-one.
So I'm the highest level
in our party.
You know what that means,
don't you,
you poor old
low-level underling?
It means your superior
gets the couch,
so show some respect
and shoo!
[annoyed grumble]
-Uh, wait.
-Huh?
[KAZUMA]
What's up with your stats?
They haven't gone up at all
since we got our cards.
That doesn't mean anything!
All my stats were maxed out
from the very beginning,
obviously!
Don't make the mistake
of lumping me in
with ordinary adventurers
like you!
My only choice is to use
my diabolical teleport.
Hey, you cannot use
that now!
[MEGUMIN] [chuckles]
The rules say I can!
-[DARKNESS] Aww.
-Destroyer Explosion!
-[KAZUMA grunts]
-[AQUA] Finally.
I knew you'd see it
my way.
[KAZUMA]
Poor thing. She can level up,
but her intelligence
will always stay the same!
What's wrong with you?
What're you tearing up for?
You've got this pitiful look
on your face,
like I said something stupid.
[KAZUMA] [crying]
Goodnight.
Wait, Kazuma?!
[KAZUMA] We got ourselves
a mansion to live in,
and that solved
the problem of us making it
through the winter
without freezing to death.
[sniffling] But there's
some problems we'll never solve.
Geez! What's wrong
with you?!
[humming]
[clears throat]
[coughs, clears throat]
[whistling]
[KAZUMA] Hey, guys.
What y'all doin' over there.
[BOTH yelp]
Dang it, Kazuma, don't go
sneakin' up on us like that!
[KAZUMA] So, this here's
Keith and Dust,
a couple adventurers
I met a little while ago.
You guys are acting
way shifty.
What's up?
Is something goin' on down here?
[BOTH whistling]
Listen, if I tell you,
you gotta swear
-you won't tell the chicks.
-Okay.
There's a shop down there
run by succubi.
And they'll give you
the hottest,
kinkiest dreams
you ever had.
[gasps]
Keep talking.
[giggling]
Eh--
[fawns]
[PATRONS chattering]
Hah!
No way would I ever set foot
in a place
like this on my own.
-[SUCCUBUS] Welcome!
-[ALL] gasp.
Right this way, handsome.
Um. Sure.
You boys can come with us.
-R-right!
-Oh, man.
[KAZUMA grunts]
[SUCCUBUS] Sit tight
and I'll be right back.
Hmm?
Whoa! You!
Welcome to the doorway
to Hell.
Don't dream anything
I wouldn't, tough guy!
-[laughs]
-No, I won't.
[GUILD MEMBER] [chuckles]
Yeah! I bet!
[KAZUMA]
Occupation, artisan weaver?
That dude ain't even
an adventurer?!
[SUCCUBUS]
Sir? Sir?
Um! Yes?!
Relax, sweetie!
Is this your first time
visiting our shop?
Y-Yes?
Then, I'll tell you
about our service.
[KAZUMA]
Yes, please.
We succubi have
a mutually beneficial
relationship
with the male adventurers
of this town.
-[KAZUMA] Uh-huh.
-I'm sure you've noticed
how many of them
are forced to live in stables?
-Yup.
-In a situation like that,
it's normal to get "pent-up."
And without any privacy,
releasing one's tensions
-can be risky.
-Mm-hmm.
I know I shouldn't
feel guilty about being here,
but still...
On second thought, I got
nothin' to feel guilty about!
For example,
if one forced himself
on a female adventurer
sleeping nearby,
his stable-mates would notice
and beat him so bad,
-he'd pee blood for a month.
-[KAZUMA yelps]
There's also a chance
the female whips out a dagger
and cuts off her attacker's
you-know-what,
which would be
both fatal and messy.
H-has that happened
to someone here before?!
That said, we succubi
give male adventurers
erotic dreams that bring them
relief without any risk.
We take a tiny bit
of your vitality in return.
But don't worry,
it's not so much
that it affects your daily life
or adventures.
[gasps]
This is awesome!
This is so awesome!
If every guy did this
on the regular,
there'd be no more war!
Please fill out this form
and if you have any questions,
don't hesitate to ask.
Huh? So, like, it's asking
for my preferred situation,
gender, and appearance
in my dream.
Can I be anything?
Yes, you can choose
to be a king or a hero.
Whatever you want.
Experiencing a dream
as a female
is also a popular choice.
Oh, you don't say,
Some customers choose
to be a young boy again.
Their dreams usually
involve them being subdued
by a strong female adventurer.
[ADVENTURER chuckles]
[KAZUMA] This town's got some
supremely kinky dudes in it.
Um, about this
"partner preferences" one,
how detailed can I get
with it?
You can choose
their looks, personality,
speech patterns,
and even how much they like you.
Your partner can be anything
or anyone, real or imagined.
-No way, really?!
-Yes, really.
So then even if I pick
a celebrity or a girl I know
or a 2D waifu,
you can make it happen?
Yes. Even a "2D waifu,"
whatever that might be.
[clears throat]
I won't get in trouble
using someone's image
without their okay, will I?
No, not at all.
It is just a dream.
Yeah, you're right, it is!
Hey, while we're on the subject,
is there an age restriction
on the type of girl
I want in my dream?
Not that I'm some kind
of pedo or anything.
Just curious.
Askin' for a friend, in fact!
[SUCCUBUS]
There's no restriction.
Choose the age you like.
Um, you sure about that?
There's no, like, laws
about that kind of stuff?
No, there's not.
It is a dream, after all.
Yeah, you're right, it is!
Of course it's okay,
it's just a dream!
Man, what a set-up!
This succubi
erotic dream service is lit!
Oh, one more thing,
please don't drink
any alcohol tonight.
It's impossible
to activate a dream
when the customer is loaded.
[KAZUMA]
Yes, ma'am! No drinks!
-[AQUA] Ko!
-[KAZUMA] No-Su-ba?!
[KAZUMA]
I'm home!
-Aah! Ohh!
-[AQUA] Uh?
It's about time
you got back.
You won't believe
what's for dinner!
Big ol' pinchy crabbies!
My family sent them as a sort
of housewarming gift.
It's high-quality
marbled red crab,
and it came with this amazing
top-shelf liquor, too!
Her family must
really appreciate us
for keeping their precious
Darkness out of trouble!
[MEGUMIN] I can't believe
I'm about to sink my teeth
into real marbled red crab!
I'm so happy
I joined this party!
Are those things really
that big a deal?
Absolutely!
If you told me
I could eat this crab
as long as I didn't blow up
anything for one whole day,
I'd gladly restrain the urge!
They're that delicious!
And then I'd unleash
a ferocious Explosion
right after I ate!
Wow, that good, huh? Wait.
What'd you say
at the end there?
[shell cracks]
Aah!
[BOTH fawning]
[KAZUMA]
Yum.
[shell cracks]
[slurps]
Oh my god!
I can't stop myself!
[slurps]
Crack!
Crack! Mm!
[slurps]
[eating noisily]
[AQUA]
Hey, Kazuma!
Could you light
this stove up for me?
I know a tasty way
to drink this stuff,
and I wanna show everyone!
-[KAZUMA] Mm-hmm.
-[MEGUMIN] Mm-hmm.
[KAZUMA]
Tinder!
[AQUA] You put a shell
filled with crab guts
on the grill and then...
[hums, giggles]
It should be ready now.
[slurping]
[gulps]
[exhales]
[KAZUMA/MEGUMIN/DARKNESS]
Gulp.
[KAZUMA]
I wanna try!
[humming]
[gasps]
No, you idiot!
That succubus lady said
no alcohol!
I might drink too much
and get hammered,
and I won't get
my dream!
[DARKNESS] Having
second thoughts? Very well.
[KAZUMA] Calm down, dude.
You don't need to drink tonight.
It's just booze,
so keep your eyes on the prize
and you'll get through this!
[gulping, exhales]
This is delicious!
And so light!
[KAZUMA]
Don't be tempted!
You're stronger than that!
Resist!
Once you get a taste,
you know you'll have another!
Please give me a little sip!
It won't hurt me or anything!
You are still a child!
Do you want your life
to end up in the gutter?
-Fill your shells and drink up!
-Hmm?
I'm in such a good mood
I'm gonna show you
all my brand new party trick!
With a flick of my fingers,
I'm the mobile fortress,
Destroyer!
Whoa, no way!
Th-that's the Destroyer,
alright!
That's exactly how it moves!
Indeed, you are
the spitting image of it!
[KAZUMA] If I knew what
a Destroyer was, maybe I'd care!
Do it again, Aqua!
Please, please, please!
You can't just snap your fingers
and expect art.
It comes from the soul and only
when the artist is inspired
to share it with the world.
Huh? What is wrong, Kazuma?
You have such
a concerned look on your face.
-Do you not like the food?
-No, it's great.
I just can't drink now!
See, I met some friends
at a bar in town today,
and I guess
I kinda overdid it.
But I'll totally
try it out tomorrow!
If you say so!
[KAZUMA]
Oh, you gotta be kidding me!
What's with the innocent look
all of a sudden?!
She always says
the perviest things
and now, now she's acting
all sweet and normal!
Eat up, then.
It's my thanks to you.
For everything.
[KAZUMA] Ugh, I feel like
such a dog now.
What am I doing?
I should just get
plastered with them
and forget all about
the dream.
Look at everyone having fun.
Is a hot dream
really that big a deal?!
Come on, man,
Deep down, you know
what's more important here.
[laughter]
[DARKNESS/AQUA/MEGUMIN]
Huh?
Well, I hate to be
a party-pooper, guys,
but I'm gonna hit
the sack early.
So, uh, night.
[KAZUMA/DARKNESS/AQUA/MEGUMIN]
Konosuba!
[groans]
I'm so nervous,
my heart's pounding!
This sucks!
What am I gonna I do?!
I'm so turned on, I can't
friggin' get to sleep!
[water running]
[blissful sigh]
A bath before
a date's good manners,
even if your date's
just a dream.
[yawns]
[hooting]
[snoring softly]
[door opens]
[door closes]
Why're the lanterns out?
Oh my god, I better--
Whoa, hang on.
I remember feeling sleepy
and closing my eyes before.
So there's a good chance
this is...
[gasps]
...my dream!
What a gorgeous moon.
Simply breath--
Uh...
Hey.
Wh-- I-- Wh--
[chuckles]
[DARKNESS whimpers]
Whoa.
I always imagined
she'd have a slammin' body,
but damn!
I wonder if the succubus
enhanced her
to suit my taste more?
-Wh-what are you doi--[gasps]
-[water sloshing]
[squeaks]
So, you ready to get down
to business?
[stammers]
Well, don't just sit there.
Come on over here
and scrub my back.
I-- Huh?
[whimpers]
Playing shy, huh?
I can work with that.
I kinda like it, actually.
It's kinda trippy
they whipped you up
to be in my dream, though.
I guess it's 'cause
I requested
a hot older woman
with a rockin' bod.
Uh! R-r-r-requested?!
Wh-wh-what are you
talking about?!
-What do you think?
-I-I mean, th-that is to say,
I-I do not know what to say,
is what I mean to say!
H-How dare you ask me
to scrub your back
a-and what do you mean
by dream a-and...
Oh, my head is spinning
right now. I cannot even--
Sorry, it's cute and all,
but I didn't order
the "hard to get" type.
Wait a minute,
I did want a shy,
inexperienced, older woman,
which is the same thing, really.
-Eh, you'll do.
-Huh?
Look,
the innocent thing's great
and I appreciate that,
but come on now.
Scrub my back already!
But I, um...
Considering the fact
that we are both naked,
do you think my doing that
would be wise?
Oh my god,
would you hurry up!
The anticipation's killing me!
[DARKNESS]
H-have you no shame?!
D-do you understand
what you are asking of me?!
Wh-why if Aqua or Megumin
saw us, they'd--
I'm cool if they do
and if they wanna join in,
that's cool with me, too.
[gasps]
What happened to you?!
How can you say such
wicked things so casually?!
Would you put a sock
in it already?!
You keep screaming like that,
and you're gonna wake up
the whole damn town!
Quit being unreasonable
and get to scrubbing me.
How can you expect me
to be reasonable
when you are making
such lecherous comments?!
Wait. A-am I the only one
with common sense here?
O-or have I gone mad?!
You're not crazy,
just a little weird is all.
And sorry for lashin' out
about the yelling.
It's a dream, so go ahead.
Now... get to scrubbin'!
[sobbing]
[trembling breaths]
I cannot believe this.
To be ordered around
so brazenly
and not having
the wherewithal to resist.
How pathetic!
I can't believe
this is happening, either.
I've never been confident
with the ladies,
so it's kinda nice
havin' one act all shy
-and embarrassed with me.
-[gasps]
Wh-why, you...
I have had enough of this
newfound worldly attitude
of yours!
Th-there. I-I have done
what you asked of me,
so m-may I p-please
leave now?
Not even, you're just
getting started!
Even though I set you
for inexperienced,
don't forget you still gotta
dry me off.
-Without a towel.
-[gasps]
Why, I never!
I-I might be inexperienced
in the ways of pleasure,
but that is definitely...
-[KAZUMA] Come on,
-[DARKNESS] ...t-totally,
wrong.
[KAZUMA]
I'm waiting.
Hurry!
[deep breaths]
[moans]
[AQUA] Ah-ha! Caught you!
Wake up, everyone!
There's an intruder
in the house!
-Huh?
-That was Aqua.
If I wanted a distraction now,
I would have ordered one!
Even in my dreams
she's a pain!
I'm gonna go tell her off!
[DARKNESS]
K-Kazuma?
[grunts]
There you are!
Oh, hey! I have her trapped
in my barrier, so don't worry.
-She's not going any whuu...
-[MEGUMIN gasps]
Ew! Put some clothes on,
you perv!
I-I was takin'
a bath and--
[KAZUMA] It's one
of them succubusses.
I put a magic barrier around
the house, and it caught her.
She's a succubus, so I bet
she was after you, Kazuma.
[KAZUMA] That's weird.
What's she doing out here?
Wait, if she's here,
then who was in the bath just--
Ohh.
I'll exorcize this little hussy
in nothing flat!
Now be good and let us
destroy you.
[yelps]
Say your prayers, succubus!
I'll be using my most powerful
anti-demon spell on-- Huh?
[gasps]
Huh?
[KAZUMA]
Run.
But, sir. I--
We can't let her go!
That demon broke in here
because it wanted
to suck the life out of you!
Get away from her, Kazuma!
This is my fault, sir.
If I weren't so new at this,
I would have known
about the barrier
and not gotten caught.
I will accept my fate
to protect your reputation.
Please, sir.
Pretend you don't know me
and let your friend
exorcize me!
Think of yourself!
[AQUA]
What's your problem?!
If you think
a goddess like me
is going to let a demon
like her go, you're crazy.
I'm warning you, step aside
and let me at her,
or I'll beat you senseless.
[grimaces]
Stop, do not hurt him!
He has been charmed
by that succubus!
That is the only explanation for
his strange behavior of late!
He has been going on and on
about dreams and requests
and all sorts
of devilish things!
That cursed succubus put me
through such humiliation!
I shall kill her myself!
Don't be fooled, Kazuma.
She might be cute,
but she's still a monster!
She's our enemy,
you idiot!
[KAZUMA]
Go.
But, sir.
Alright, then.
If you wanna do this
the hard way,
we'll do this the hard way.
As soon as I get through
beating you to a pulp,
I'm going to send your
little demon friend to hell.
[BOTH grunt]
[deep breath]
Come get some.
There are some things
you gotta protect
with your life.
Let's rock!
[yells]
[punches thudding]
[glass shattering]
[KAZUMA groaning]
[AQUA]
Gosh darn it. She got away.
[DARKNESS grunts]
Better toss some salt.
[KAZUMA/AQUA/MEGUMIN/DARKNESS]
Konosuba.
-Humph!
-[KAZUMA sighs]
Fine, if you're not gonna
say something, I will.
I feel bad for all
the crap you say I did,
but it's not like
you couldn't have stopped it
if you really wanted to.
[gasps]
Then you really,
truly do not remember
what happened
in the bath last night?
Nothing?
Neither the things
you said
nor had me do?
Not even the succubus?
No.
I don't remember
any of that stuff.
I woke up feelin' like I had
a nice dream, though.
Oh. A-alright.
That's good, then.
Well, what's done is done.
It was an accident.
I, too, should forget it.
[KAZUMA] Last night, I was
mind-controlled by a succubus.
That's what
I'm tellin' everyone!
It's a convenient excuse,
and I'd be crazy
not to run with it.
[chuckles]
I have to admit,
I was quite shocked
by how forceful
you behaved,
but it was also
sort of thrilling.
It was, however, unacceptable
to make me do things
I clearly had
no concept of.
Please, you got
as much common sense
as the next girl to have known
what was going on.
No way are you as innocent
as you say you are!
Wha--
Oh, and you walked in
on me, remember.
So how can any of this
be my fault?
I mean, I did light
the lanterns.
And I even put the sign
on the door.
You knew I was in there
and you came in anyway...
[gasps]
I-I knew it!
Y-you do remember what happened
last night, don't you!
Was that succubus
really controlling you,
or were you aware
of your actions?!
-[KAZUMA sighs]
-Answer me!
[bell tolling]
[LUNA] [on PA] Destroyer alert!
Destroyer alert!
This is not a drill!
The mobile fortress, Destroyer,
is approaching!
-Oh no!
-What the hell's a Destroyer?
[DARKNESS] No matter
how mighty the enemy is,
a knight must always
hold their ground.
In addition, a knight
must not seek out
physical pain
for sexual satis--